Create cloud-data-residency.rst (#5437)
mattermost/docs: source/manage/cloud-data-residency.rst

Mattermost Cloud Data Residency
===============================

Mattermost Cloud resides in the ``aws-us-east-1`` region, located in Virginia, United States. The following customer data will be stored at rest in this data center when using Mattermost Cloud:

> - Channels, messages, replies and channel membership information

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Channels, messages, replies, and channel membership information
```

- Boards and cards
- Playbooks and event runs
- User accounts and profiles 

> - Files (ex., images, docs, etc.) uploaded to the Mattermost Service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Files (e.g., images, docs, etc.) uploaded to the Mattermost Service
```

- Plugin, app- or bot-generated messages and files
- Data used to measure user count, usage, and revenue

> - Data used for analytics and to measure quality of service, ex. sanitized logs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Data used for analytics and to measure quality of service, e.g., sanitized logs
```

- IDs generated by Mattermost on behalf of the customer

Additional data regions are considered, including ``aws-eu-central-1`` located in Frankfurt, Germany.

> If you require your data to reside in an area outside of the United States, please contact the product team via feedback-cloud[at]mattermost.com, or consider `deploying one of our Self-Hosted options <https://mattermost.com/deploy>`_ that provides full control of your data. You may also work with `one of our European partners <https://mattermost.com/partners>`_ for deploying and hosting your Mattermost server.

Reviewer: Question: Is there a specific reason why the feedback email account isn't selectable and is written with [at] instead?

Author: I left it as-is because I assumed it was to counter bots/spam but I am 0/5 and can make it selectable. :)

Reviewer: Sounds good!

> If you require your data to reside in an area outside of the United States, please contact the product team via feedback-cloud[at]mattermost.com, or consider `deploying one of our Self-Hosted options <https://mattermost.com/deploy>`_ that provides full control of your data. You may also work with `one of our European partners <https://mattermost.com/partners>`_ for deploying and hosting your Mattermost server.

Author: ```suggestion
If you require your data to reside in an area outside of the United States, please contact the product team via `feedback-cloud@mattermost.com <feedback-cloud@mattermost.com>`_, or consider `deploying one of our Self-Hosted options <https://mattermost.com/deploy>`_ that provides full control of your data. You may also work with `one of our European partners <https://mattermost.com/partners>`_ for deploying and hosting your Mattermost server.
```
